BLOEMFONTEIN-Old Mutual Athletics Club in the province rewarded some of its members who took part in this year’s Comrades Marathon. Veteran marathon runners George Ngalo was one of the athletes honoured by the Old Mutual Athletics Club for participating and encouraging young athletes to take the sport seriously with aim of putting the clubs brand among the best in the province.Ngalo was in KZN for in the marathon that saw thousands of athletes across the globe showcasing their talents. He said he was ecstatic to receive a trophy and certificate sponsored by his team’s management after participating in the Comrades Marathon for the past 19 years. ” I am thrilled, I feel humbled and grateful. This will encourage me to do more, I have been in various athletics clubs and Old Mutual team is the first to honour us in the province, “said a gleeful Ngalo. He boasted that every year he participates in various local and national races like the Two Oceans Marathon.  His debut marathon race was in 1992 and since then he never looked back. Ngalo joined running after his soccer career was cut short due to injuries. He said he was inspired by veteran runner William De Vasch from Heidedal. “As a runner, trainer and the coach under my guidance I have produced young aspiring athletes who now compete in national competitions. Words of gratitude to those athletes who always support me. Recently they bought me an expensive pair of training and running shoes.”He singled out two runners, Oupa Sesing and Sampie Morapedi. Meanwhile just a fortnight ago Morapedi and the junior distance runner Tyler Beling were crowned as respective king and queen of the Castle Lite trail run league which was completed for the 2017 season at the Monte Bello Estate. The 2017 Championship League races were all run over a distance in the vicinity of 10km.The race for the men’s title was in the balance between Morapedi, Chabedi Nyedimane and Anastacius Ontong and the Monte Bello race was going to be the decisive for the overall league title.