Sasolburg - The Electoral Commission has certified the candidate lists for ward and PR by-elections to be held for all 42 seats in the Metsimaholo Municipal Council on 29 November 2017.  According to a statement released by the IEC on Wednesday the by-election will see 393 candidates presenting 15 political parties contesting for the 21 ward and 21 PR seats. “There are 282 ward candidates and 111 PR candidates. Women comprise 42.5% of the candidates and the age of candidates range from 19 years old to 78 years old,” stated IEC. The by-election follows the dissolution of the council in terms of Section 139 (4) of the Constitution which provides for the dissolution of a municipality where it cannot fulfil its obligation to approve a budget.  The Metsimaholo council failed to table a budget for the municipality for the 2017/18 financial year which was due on 30 June 2017 leading the Executive Council for the Free State to dissolve the council and appoint an administrator for 90 days. The municipality was governed by a coalition of the Democratic Alliance, the Economic Freedom Fighters, the Metsimaholo Community Association, and the Vryheidsfront Plus following the 2016 Municipal Elections.  The results of the 2016 Municipal Elections saw the African National Congress winning 16 ward and 3 PR seats, the Democratic Alliance winning 5 ward and 7 PR seats, the Economic Freedom Fighters winning 8 PR seats, the Metsimaholo Community Association winning 2 PR seats and 1 PR seat which was won by the Vryheidsfront Plus. The candidates contesting the by-elections on 29 November represent the African Christian Democratic Party, African Independent Congress, African National Congress, the Congress of the People, Democratic Alliance, Economic Freedom Fighters, Forum 4 Service Delivery, Metsimaholo Community Association, Pan African Congress of Azania, People’s Movement, Power of Africans Unity, South African Communist Party, United Democratic Movement, Uniting People First, and Vryheidsfront Plus. No independent candidates are contesting the elections. On the other news, African National Congress (ANC) is disappointed by the SA Communist Party (SACP) decision to go solo and contest Metsimaholo municipality by-elections. It was reported that the governing party will “further engage” with its alliance partner again. Furthermore, political party leaders converged at Harry Gwala multi-purpose centre in Sasolburg on Wednesday to sign the code of conduct pledge for the forthcoming by-elections. Meanwhile, political parties have been seen on the streets of Sasolburg, Oranjeville, Deneysville and Viljoensdrif which make up Metsimaholo Local Municipality.Applications for special votes will close today at 17h00 and special voting will be held on 28 November ahead of the by-election on 29 November.