"We are well on track for this game, we have a respect for our opponents” - CoachThe second of the Telkom Knockout semi-finals takes place on Sunday and Polokwane City have home advantage for their clash with Bloemfontein Celtic at Old Peter Mokaba Stadium for a place in the final, where they could meet either Bidvest Wits or Kaizer Chiefs. Polokwane upset Orlando Pirates to book their semi final spot. The game went all the way to penalty kicks after a 2-2 draw and Polokwane came through.  Their first round tie at home to Ajax also went spot kicks after the game finished without a goal. Given Polokwane had bowed out of this competition at the first hurdle in each of the 4 previous season’s this semi final will generate huge interest amongst the locals and they have been hard to beat in recent times, drawing 3 and winning 1 of their last 4 league games. Bloemfontein Celtic coach Veselin Jelusic says Telkom Knockout semi-final opponents Polokwane City showed they are dangerous by beating Mamelodi Sundowns and Orlando Pirates earlier in the season. "We are well on track for this game, we have a respect for our opponents. It is the team that won the league game against Mamelodi Sundowns and in this cup competition beating Orlando Pirates," said Jelusic, whose side can draw encouragement from a 2-1 win over the hosts in the Premiership in September. "I think it'll be a very tough game for both sides but we are preparing for this game and I hope we'll do our best."Every game is a new story. As we said before, I respect Polokwane and we are under no illusion that it'll be a very, very tough game. So we are ready to fight until the end of the game." Celtic won 2-1 at Platinum Stars to make it to the last 4. They started with a penalty shoot win at against Supersport after the teams shared 4 goals in Bloem and their fans will be dreaming of a repeat of the 2012 TKO when Celtic lifted the trophy after beating Sundowns in the final. Celtic are also in good shape in the league having hauled themselves into the top 4 and they have already won at Polokwane (2-1) in an Absa Premiership clash earlier in the season.