BLOEMFONTEIN-The Free State Gambling, Liquor and Tourism Authority (FSGLTA) celebrated Sobriety Awareness Month by hosting a campaign at Norman Double Hall in Heidedal on Tuesday. This annual national campaign is aimed at creating awareness about the adverse effects of alcohol abuse amongst vulnerable groups, particularly the youth, women and pregnant women. The aim for the Heidedal awareness campaign is to educate the community about the effects of alcohol on the body and to encourage them to use alcohol responsibly. Speaking at the event on crime and effects of substance abuse Captain Mzwandile Valashiya said most of crime activities in Heidedal are cause due to substance abuse.”From Monday to Thursday you won’t have reports related to crime, but come weekend all hell break loose. Number one crime in the area is housebreaking, followed by theft, shoplifting and the most common one is domestic violence, all these crimes are committed when people are intoxicated,” explained Valashiya. He said:”I have worked in various areas, the problem is the same irrespective of age gender and colour.Alcohol and drugs are abused thus resulting in crime. This is not good, gangsterism that we are facing at present occur because of influence of drugs and alcohol.”He said the best way to combat crime is to refrain from alcohol and drugs.The campaign also aimed at raising awareness about the high risk behavioural activities related to alcohol abuse such as violence, risky sexual activities, and the spread of HIV and AIDS. It highlights the effects of alcohol abuse such as absenteeism from work, poor productivity, interpersonal conflict, and bodily harm, to mention but a few.Heidedal Local Drug Action Committee member Gregory Werne confirmed that he started the journey to drugs and it was difficult for him to get out. He said he was an addict of drugs for years. He applauded the campaign and said it is the first many to follow and was much needed. The campaign encourages activism amongst concerned members of the public in the battle against alcohol and drug abuse. It is believed that this landmark initiative that will bring government, civil society, private sector and faith based organizations to unite against the scourge of substance abuse that leads to moral decay.