Thaba Nchu - With only five months left before the end of term for the current School Governing Body (SGB) members in South Africa, the MEC for Education, Tate Makgoe, encouraged the SGB members to continue with the hard work they are tasked to do. Speaking at the official launch of the 2018 School Governing Body elections at Albert Moroka High in Thaba Nchu on Tuesday, Makgoe said the success of every school lies with the support given by the parents, particularly the SGB. " School Governing Body are the only important organs of the community to ensure that learners have a better and brighter future, regardless of their background," said the longest serving MEC in the Free State government. Makgoe said the incoming SGB should not shy away from getting involved in the day-to-day running of the school without bring unnecessary disruptions. "Should they feel that you are not getting necessary assistance from the principal, feel free to contact the district director, " said Makgoe.The School Governing Bodies were created to advance the democratic transformation of the schooling system and provide a platform for active participation of school communities in the decentralised decision making process.“I urge all parents and guardians to familiarise themselves with the procedures and to come forward and participate in these very important processes. I also encourage parents to elect candidates with the relevant skills which will add value to the Governing Body and its schools, such as legal administrative and accounting skills,” said Makgoe speaking at the launch.Speaking to members of the media, Makgoe outlined the role of the SGB within every school. “The work of the school governing body is to ensure that school policies are practised correctly. They also draw up the language policy, and ensuring that school children are disciplined and oversee that the school money is used properly,” said MEC Makgoe. When Dumelang News asked what the department is doing to capacitate the SGB members, Makgoe said after the elections there will be workshops conducted in order to strengthen their knowledge. “We have district directors and a division which works with the SGB and they are the one who are responsible for conducting these workshops,” said MEC Makgoe speaking to the ‘People’s Paper.’Meanwhile, the provincial Chairman of National Association of School Governing Bodies, Tau Tau, said people who are interested in service in the SGB should have the passion of working with children and be dedicated to their work. “As a member of the SGB you must be willingly to be trained so that you can help run successfully school. They should work together at all time realising that education is important,” said Tau.