BLOEMFONTEIN African National Congress (ANC) cadres have been called upon to shun factionalism and instead channel their efforts to serving the needs of the people of South Africa. Addressing of party faithfuls who converged at Orlando Stadium to commemorate the revolutionary movement s 105th anniversary on Sunday 08 January, President Jacob Zuma implored ANC representatives to follow the example of the late party leader, Oliver Reginald Tambo, to close ranks in the quest to achieve maximum political and organisational unity. We have not yet achieved all our goals. Our society is still plagued by instances of racism and pervasive sexism and patriarchy. We can do more to promote democracy and too many people are still living in poverty. One of our biggest challenges is to build unity and to celebrate our diversity, Zuma said.Turning to the cancerous issue of disunity within the party, the president described factionalism as having an inhibiting factor on better leadership. Today, our movement faces serious challenges to its unity. Divisive tendencies such as factionalism, gatekeeping and manipulation of internal processes exist at all levels of the ANC, the ANC Leagues, the Alliance and the Mass Democratic Movement. These tendencies inhibit our ability to give decisive leadership to society, he said.According to Zuma, the ANC is ready to listen to the concerns that were raised by the people during and after the August 03 polls in 2016. He implored members to desist from fighting each other but, instead, focus on addressing the needs of their constituencies. The people have told us that we are too busy fighting each other and we do not pay sufficient attention to their needs. People are clear; their main priorities are jobs, fighting crime and corruption. Our task is therefore to grow the economy, create jobs and rigorously fight crime and corruption. On the economy, the ANC leader said his party stands ready to improve on the less-than favourable performance of 2016 which he attributed to an unstable global economy, to which South Arica is connected. Trade between countries has also fallen.The ANC is optimistic that the 2017 growth forecast of 2,9% is achievable. Other issues that the party has drawn up to tackle in the next 12months include land redistribution, crushing issues of racism as well as advancing democratic principles. President Zuma also took time to congratulate Free State province for excelling in the 2016 matric exams with a historic 93,2% pass rate, the first time the 90% national threshold has been broken.Free State also came up for praise when the Lillian Ngoyi branch in Lejweleputswa district won the Anton Lembede Award given to the best performing ANC Youth League branch. The same district was the runner-up in the ZK Matthews Award conferred on the best performing group of ANC councillors.