THEUNISSEN In a case that brings to the fore the abuse that continues to hog the limelight at illegal initiation schools, two such schools were closed following assault of initiates. One such initiation school at Foster Follan Farm near Masilo, Theunissen was closed after one of the initiates was reportedly assaulted to a pulp on Wednesday, 28 December 2016. The police as well as officials from the Department of Health were called to attend to a crime scene at the initiation school. Upon arrival, the officials found that a 20year old initiate had sustained serious injuries after being assaulted by the teachers. The injured initiate was then taken to Katleho hospital in Virginia for medical attention.Preliminary investigations revealed that the victim was from Peter Swart in Bloemfontein. The suspects, who have been identified, have not yet been arrested. The initiation school was closed down. As much as we accept that initiations are part of our culture, we will not accept barbaric actions in the name of practicing culture. We will continue to enforce the law and close illegal initiation schools and arrest those who will be found to have acted outside the law, said provincial police commissioner, Lieutenant General Lebeoana Tsumane.In a similar incident, three initiation school teachers aged between 27 and 49 at Rosendal Farm were, on December 20, arrested for the assault of an initiate who was later admitted to Senekal hospital.It is alleged that Sabata Tladi (36) was undergoing initiation at Hapashasha initiation school. On the 07 December he was assaulted with a stick and dragged with a running horse that was allegedly driven by one of the teachers. The assault case was reported to the police by one of the initiation inspectors who went to inspect this school. He found the victim with assault injuries all over the body and was taken to Rosendal police station where a case of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm was opened. The initiation school was subsequently closed down and the rest of the initiates transferred to a legal initiation school in Rosendal.