Bloemfontein Celtic will face the Pretoria giants before the league action pauses for the Christmas break, and nothing will delight the green and white outfit more than finishing the year with a bang. Phunya Sele Sele begins with Mamelodi Sundowns this Saturday in Pretoria before hosting Supersport United four days later in the City of Roses. Celtic PRO, Sello Nduna is banking on the team’s commitment ahead of the contest against the Brazilians, saying the team will rise to the occasion. “Sundowns is a very difficult team, but the difference is they’ve got expensive players, but we’ve got committed players,” Nduna told Dumelang Sport. “It’s going to be a difficult match, but we’re going there with a positive mindset to get the maximum points. All the preparations are going well more especially after a win against Free State Stars.” Celtic redeemed themselves from a loss to Wits in the Telkom Knockout Cup final two weeks ago, with a 3-0 win over Stars in the Free State derby played last week.  The win – their fifth of the season - moved them to fourth spot with 19 points ahead of the clash against table toppers, Sundowns. Celtic has undoubtedly endured an intriguing away run, as they managed to secure seven points (and also remain unbeaten) in the last three matches played in Downs' territory. They won two and drew one while Downs got the better of them in the City of Roses on two occasions in the last five league matches between them. Interestingly, the Pretoria contest turns to produce handful of goals, with Celtic having put eight past Downs in the previous seasons; a 5-0 in 2014/15 and a 3-1 in 2015/16. If the statistics and both sides’ recent scoring form is anything to go by, one can expect rain of goals at the Lucas Moripe Stadium. Kickoff is at 15:30.“We’re aiming to protect our good record away against Downs and we hope that the gates have now been opened for us to score more goals,” Nduna added. Upon their return from Gauteng, Celtic will lock horns with United at the Dr. Molemela Stadium.