If we give them good orientation, they won't get lost. Constable Mojalefa Chabalala, the provincial youth coordinator in the South African Police Services told Dumelang News in an exclusive interview. He said this during the Sports Against Crime tournament organised for fourteen soccer teams in Phuthaditjhaba, Qwaqwa yesterday. He said :" As the provincial office of Police, we became aware that during this time of a year when the schools are closed, most of the young people are involved in the criminal activities. Through this tournament of sports against crime, we do believe that we would be able to keep them away from drug and alcohol abuse as those are the most source of crimes". Chabalala said they've decided to play under seventeen youth as this is an age where everything similar to crime starts at. " In the past many years, people committing crime were adults, but today youth form gangsters at the younger ages," Chabalala said. He further mentioned that the criteria of selection done by consulting the soccer teams found in the communities and advised them to register. "After this tournament, all players who took part would get metals of participation. The last four teams would get soccer attire, coaches would also get metals while the referees would get attire too," said Chabalala. The youth steering committee coordinator Phelane Phelane emphasizes that not all young people are able to see their life opportunities at the right time. He promised to add more sporting codes in future as some young people are not interested on playing soccer. "I humbly request all other youth who didn't get an opportunity to play this year, to come and register their teams by next year. A Peace Lovers goalkeeper Thabang Malakoane (16), said he's proud to still be a youth even today. "I speak this way because most of my age group individuals are young physically but older inside, they do things done by adults, " said Malakoane. Tseki, Namahadi, Kestel, Harrismith, Vrede, Phuthaditjhaba, Makwane,  Warden and Verkykerskop clusters are the teams performed in this tournament.